Documentation review (#155)
tobybatch/kimai2: docs/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

## NGINX and proxying

> While outside the direct responsibility of this project we get a lot of issues reported that relate to proxying with 

Reviewer: The whitespaces after `"with "` violates markdownlint rule [MD009 - Trailing spaces](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md009).

NGINX into the FPM container.

> Note that you will need to set the name of your NGINX container to be in the list of TRUSTED_HOSTS when you start the 

Reviewer: The whitespaces after `"the "` violates markdownlint rule [MD009 - Trailing spaces](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md009).

> kimai container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kimai container.
```

## Permissions

If you are mounting the code base into the container (`-v $PWD/kimai:/opt/kimai`) then you will need to fix the permissions on the var folder.

```bash
docker exec --user root CONTAINER_NAME chown -R www-data:www-data /opt/kimai/var
```

or

```bash
docker-compose --user root exec CONTAINER_NAME chown -R www-data:www-data /opt/kimai/var
```

## 500 Server errors

> Around 4/5 of the bugs raised are related to the TRUSTED_HOSTS value.  If you get a 500 then check that the 

Reviewer: The whitespaces after `"the "` violates markdownlint rule [MD009 - Trailing spaces](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md009).

> TRUSTED_HOSTS environment variable is set to either your hostname or the hostname of your proxy server (nginx etc).  In

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`TRUSTED_HOSTS` environment variable is set to either your hostname or the hostname of your proxy server (nginx etc).  In
```

the docker-compose environment that is the container name of the nginx container.

## Older version

> While we do backport bug fixes we only thoroughly test them against the latest release of Kimai.  We keep the older 

Reviewer: The whitespaces after `"older "` violates markdownlint rule [MD009 - Trailing spaces](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md009).

> tags available for those who do not wish to upgrade but If you have a bug then first try pulling the latest tag and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tags available for those who do not wish to upgrade, but if you encounter a bug then first retest after pulling the latest tag and 
```

> tags available for those who do not wish to upgrade, but if you encounter a bug then first retest after pulling the latest tag 

Reviewer: The whitespaces after `"tag "` violates markdownlint rule [MD009 - Trailing spaces](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.20.4/doc/Rules.md#md009).

> trying again before raising an issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before raising an issue.
```
